Edits to Feb updates (#192)
pragmint/open-practices: capabilities/customer-feedback.md

Author: In User-centric Focus, one of the supporting practices is "Talk Directly with Users." Is this the same thing? Neither practice (Conduct User Reviews or Talk Directly with Users) is drafted yet. Perhaps “Talk Directly with Users” is the phrasing we adopt (with interviews being one “way” to talk directly with users)?

Reviewer: Yes, we should keep "Talk Directly with Users" as the practice with "Conduct User Interviews" as one of the options on how to do that.

# [Customer Feedback](https://dora.dev/capabilities/customer-feedback/)

> The Customer Feedback capability entails regularly gathering and analyzing user input on your product in order to make it better. It helps you know if you're building the right features, if people are actually using them, and if they're getting value from your product. Key metrics like these help validate whether a product is successful, are they're derived from customer feedback. 

Author: I'm suggesting some rework here to more clearly delineate Customer Feedback and User-centric Focus. Please review updates to intro carefully.

Reviewer: This makes the difference between the two much clearer.   Please review my suggestion for an edit to the last sentence.

Author: Looks good!

> The Customer Feedback capability entails regularly gathering and analyzing user input on your product in order to make it better. It helps you know if you're building the right features, if people are actually using them, and if they're getting value from your product. Key metrics like these help validate whether a product is successful, are they're derived from customer feedback. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Customer Feedback capability entails regularly gathering and analyzing user input on your product in order to make it better. It helps you know if you're building the right features, if people are actually using them, and if they're getting value from your product. Gathering customer feedback allows you to measure key metrics like these to help validate whether a product is successful.
```

### [Working in Small Batches](/capabilities/working-in-small-batches.md) - Downstream

Working in Small Batches depends on having established feedback mechanisms in place -- the rapid iteration cycle requires continuous input from users to guide the direction of incremental improvements. Customer feedback becomes most valuable when teams can quickly act on it through small-batch delivery. By deploying changes incrementally, teams can quickly validate features and adjust based on user reactions, improving both user satisfaction and development efficiency.

> ### [User-centric Focus](capabilities/user-centric-focus.md) - Downstream

Author: Adjusted User-centric Focus to be a Downstream capability, rather than Related. As I see it, the methods used to gather Customer Feedback are what enable the strategic mindset of User-centric Focus.
